what's up my cavalry well before I
start with today's topic which has
a lot to cut I have to warn you
that I'm not going to be cutting the video
every time a firecracker is heard okay
because then I wouldn't be able to record okay it's pissed me off the
firecrackers thing I said in the previous video it's pissed me off
but for
many years I just don't understand the
joke okay the jokes when
Christmas and New Year's Eve comes especially when
people start throwing firecrackers all
day long I don't understand okay I understand that in an
amusement park at a
special party there are fireworks and
rockets not with colored lights and
all that I understand okay but how do I go
down to the square with a lighter and
light the fuse and it explodes I don't
understand why you guys find that funny I don't understand I don't understand
the joke it's not
called me weird I'm going to leave it here
in the comments box
what you think freely on the subject and
explain to us because the same as that is
stupid and not  I understand okay it's
just
that I don't understand we're going to talk about a
topic that has been talked about quite a bit in
recent years on New Year's Eve and it
's Cristina Pedroche's dress. It does
n't mean that everything is a save me
no, even though it often seems like it and we're going to be
here giving our opinions on how beautiful
the dress is and all that. We're not going to be giving our
opinions, it's about the people who have an opinion about La
Pedroche's dress, it's a mess for
now you're going to understand the thing is that I
want to explain myself very well, I'm going to
try to do it as best as possible because I do
n't want anything to be misinterpreted
so I'm going to take it slow and I want you to
pay attention to me okay if you don't have an opinion it's the same
as me then nothing you can just tell me and that's it.
This is the dress, so to speak, it
's not the dress this girl wore to
present the bells at New Year's Eve,
in my humble opinion, since I'm not an
expert in fashion, okay, nor in the way I
dress, I'm probably a hick and
uneducated, okay, but in my eyes this is
a bikini, it's a bikini with flowers with
flowers stuck on it, I totally
agree that everyone should dress as they please.  whatever the hell it is that
everyone dresses however they
want, everyone is free to
dress however they
want, okay, so if a man
feels like wearing pants that show
a little bit of his ass, then I think it's
great that a man feels like it and
a skirt because he can wear a skirt.
If a woman feels like wearing a low-cut
top that goes all the way down to her
belly button, I think that's great, but
I'm a person who thinks,
okay, I'm old-fashioned, no, I'm not too
classic, but I think that everything
has its thing, not every place has its thing,
also, I don't mean, for example, I
don't see it as normal for a person to go to a
wedding in a tracksuit, it would
seem to me not only that it's okay, but it would
even seem disrespectful, no, so you can dress
in your everyday life however you want, but you
can always dress however you
want, but I think that every place and in
every location, well, you also have to know how to
behave,
in what we were talking about once with the subject
of a trial, not that we could go to
trial perfectly dressed in
work clothes, for example, but  that to me
seemed more formal and more serious, well, going
more or less dressed up with a shirt,
pants, not shoes, so I
think that to present a
television program, unless it's a
television program that is broadcast on the
beach, well, it doesn't seem normal to me, not
for a man to present a bell,
well, I don't see it this is totally
subjective, knowing what I'm telling you that this is a matter of
taste there won't be people who say that they
call them dresses, no, no, I'm
telling you, I'm not an expert but I don't
think that's a dress, I think that
's a bikini with flowers but there will be
people who say that this is wonderful,
that it's super pretty and that's great for
Pedroches for championing
feminism, not today that every woman can
wear whatever she wants and such, it
seems to me that the issue is not related
to that and that she is precisely
championing other values ​​okay
and now let's touch on that very
carefully okay, I think I think okay and
only she knows everything, she knows
television lacquer but I think that she doesn't
choose to dress like that, I think this is a
matter of the network  television which in
this case is antenna 3 which has been
playing with the Lapedroche dress theme for several years
as a claim for
the new year's chimes ok but for me they are
using it as a sexual claim ok
the fact of showing her with as little
clothing as possible in this case I think that what they have
done has been a nonsense to
me the fact that the girl is in a
bikini is not going to turn me on it is not
going to make my hormones rise no and I am
going to drool no matter how good the
girl looks no matter how pretty she takes no matter how
many steps she has no maybe there are
other men who do it
just by seeing her in a bikini well
well they are going to get hard they are going to
drool and well there are
wild animals of all times but this is what
I say personally it is not going to
turn me on that the girl
presents the program in a bikini but I do
think
that the television network
does it with those intentions okay no her do
not confuse no that she goes like that
because she wants to provoke because she likes to
show off that she likes to be liked no no I
think that this is  thing about the channel okay
I think the channel is the one that
uses her and sexualizes her and it is that they
expose her there as if she were a steak so
that people go to their channel to
watch the chimes because many men are
going to see it as a sexual claim I don't
know if I have explained myself well but
basically they are treating her as
if she were a steak and hanging it in a
cage of wolves also at no time does it
seem to me that antena3 is doing it as a
flag bearer of feminism or anything
without okay I support feminism what I also do
n't like when they say
[ __ ] and what I was saying is
that if they wanted to flag feminism
or something like that they wouldn't use
one of the most beautiful girls with the best
body on television they would use
a person
okay a normal person with her
little belly with her bottom cited here
with her bangs there okay but
why not antena3 because then they won't
show the channel so many times what I'm
getting at I don't deny that the girl may
like it or not like it okay
because this stops  tastes colors
no I imagine that when she agrees to
that apart from work it will also be
that she likes to investigate if at the end of the year
I do not see it as appropriate okay it is no longer
about elegance or knowing how to
be direct because as I tell you that this
is very subjective god that in a puerta
del sol to ring the bells
if yesterday I went to take the dog out and I
had to put on two sweatshirts and the
vest the jacket and the hat and I was
freezing taking the dog out how are you going
home with the door to the bikini shorts I do not
know if you are going to ring the bell it is water there is
pop for the same reason it is beautiful and
basically it is what she was
telling us that it seems very wrong to me in
the year 2019 that we have just entered
take a television like antena3 and
use a woman from my point of
view as if she were a ham okay as
a claim for the men who
sexualize you because I
repeat again to me seeing a girl in a
bikini on TV is not going to turn me
on okay now better if I see her in
my room and they are provoking me or she
is telling me  things well maybe yes
but seeing her present a program
well no maybe I hate the girl
and even if she's in a
bikini I don't feel like watching the chimes
there and I find it regrettable that antena3
uses a woman and then go around
saying that she is championing
feminism because
everyone can have fun however they want you're not doing the opposite you're sexualizing a person to use them as a claim to ultimately bring you ratings I come across this tweet from a certain andrés in which
a lot of people are attacking him because he
says lara álvarez elegance pedroches
vulgarity let's see I don't think the
guy here that a lot of people were going down his
throat I don't think the guy
of course is making a comparison
okay he's making the comparison with the
way of dressing ok let's talk to
álvarez who from my point of
view is also dressed more elegantly and more
appropriate to ring in the chimes but I'm
telling you this is subjective and there are
people who are saying that you can't
compare one woman with another who
is very  ugly I don't know that I although there is
a comparison here clearly I think
that what the guy is referring to is not to
compare that one of the two is not
better or more beautiful or a better
professional because of how she dresses okay because I
repeat it again I would almost put my
hand in the fire that this is the fault
of the production company okay they are the ones who
want them to dress and the ones who choose the
wardrobe okay and he took Lara Alvarez as an example
because she was the girl from the
other main private channel which was
Telecinco okay he could have taken
Lara Alvarez as if he had taken the one who
was on Spanish television which I do
n't know who it was the one who was on La
Sexta which I also don't know who it was and I think he
was referring more or less to what
I say no that each place each place
and each day each event has its way
anti you can like it a lot and in tiresome
but if you are going to go to a court to a
baptism to one
to sell a mortgage I don't know no that
each thing has its thing no you also have to have
a little bit of savoir faire not
for me  this is part
of what I know about education also a
little no let's see if I'm explaining myself
well to me if Cristina Pedroche
wanted to go out dressed like that
to go to a party or something else well
I would think it would be great everyone can go
how they want I've already said it I don't think so let's see it
seems to me what the tra is is a
joke but this is a matter of taste
the colors subjectively seem like it's a
joke to me it's like if you
suddenly saw me with a sweatshirt that
says here I eat my [ __ ] well I would
think it's a joke well that in
the two days of many colors but
to present some new year's chimes well
I don't see it as appropriate and it's not because she's
teaching or because she's not
teaching or because she's a woman or because
whatever it is it simply seems to me
that what this television channel is doing
with this girl
apart from sexualizing her is a joke
to get attention that's
why tweets like this one don't seem
super moralistic to me and to win the
easy retweet not the easy applause you
would have written  this tweet comparing what
jesus calleja wore with alberto
chicote no because they are two men and
men do not compete and before to the
cave of the lido house well look boy to the
male crossing that I do not know who you are no no I would not have
written a tweet comparing
jesus callejas with alvaro chicote because
antena3 precisely who uses who
uses to attract attention with
who creates hype for
a week before what dress he will wear what dress he will not wear with cristina pedroche seems to use chicote to see what clothes he wears well surely we would be criticizing to see if we like what they have worn we do not like but the fact is that in
this case the one who plays antena3 is
with pedroches so do not come to me
with this moralism okay because I am the
first to support the
feminist movement but what does not seem
normal to me is that many times
feminism grabs you to say any [ __ ] [ __ ]
because this
seems like [ __ ] to me I will be reading
your comments of course to
compare opinions to see if I can
learn from you just like you from
me
and start the year on the right foot, I hope you
have a lot of luck throughout the year, good
health above all, and that we continue here for
many more years